Added `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` splitter for `DecisionTree`. (#3649)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/user/methods/decision_tree_regressor.md

 * Specifies the strategy to be used during training when splitting a
    categorical feature.
 * The `AllCategoricalSplit` _(default)_ and `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` are 
   available for drop-in usage. `AllCategoricalSplit`, the default ID3 split
   algorithm, splits all categories into their own node. This variant is
   simple, and has complexity `O(n)`, where `n` is the number of samples.
   `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` is the preferred algorithm of the CART system 
   of Breiman et al. It will find the the best (entropy-minimizing) binary 
   partition of the categories. This algorithm has complexity `O(n lg n)` in 
   the case of binary outcomes, but is exponential in the number of 
   _categories_ when there are more than two _classes_. 
   ***(`BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` should not be chosen when there are 
   multiple classes and many categories.)***

 * Both `AllCategoricalSplit` and `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` are generic 
   splitting strategies, and can be used for both regression and classification.
   However, note that in the case of regression, W. Fisher's proof of 
   correctness for the `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` algorithm requires that 

>    the `FitnessFunction` be `MSEGain`.

Author: The link is a good idea, but the following comment is not right. The regression overload contains a static assertion that the `FitnessFunction` is indeed `MSEGain`.

> 
>  * Both `AllCategoricalSplit` and `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` are generic 
>    splitting strategies, and can be used for both regression and classification.
>    However, note that in the case of regression, W. Fisher's proof of 
>    correctness for the `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` algorithm requires that 
>    the `FitnessFunction` be `MSEGain`.

Reviewer: Ah, I had overlooked that!  Fixed here:

```suggestion
   - ***Note***: for regression tasks,
     [W. Fisher's proof of correctness](http://www.csiss.org/SPACE/workshops/2004/SAC/files/fisher.pdf)
     only applies to when `FitnessFunction` is `MSEGain`; therefore,
     `BestBinaryCategoricalSplit` requires the use of `MSEGain`.
```

Or, up to you, we can leave it as before and just put the Markdown link in, your call.
